fix the overflow at (https://github.com/c-cube/qcheck/issues/408) (#410)
c-cube/qcheck: CHANGELOG.md

  - `TestResult.stats` `TestResult.warnings` `TestResult.collect`
- Clarify documentation for the `int*` and `nat*` generators
- Disabled duplicated pretty-printed feedback when using `QCheck_alcotest` runner

> - Fixed the overflow bug when `~count > max_int - 200` that affected both `Test.make_{test,cell,...}` in both QCheck and QCheck2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the overflow bug when `~count > max_int - 200` affecting `Test.{make_cell,make,make_neg}` in both QCheck and QCheck2
```

Reviewer: It is probably a good idea to write out the affected functions.

Also: there was a CI issue - can you rebase on top of #412?

Author: I believe it should be fine now
